There is one last important thing that I would like you to keep in mind and this thing is how
can we specify these breaking points?
We have the 40rem right here,
so the 640 pixels but I just applied that because of course, we prepared the project and we know that
this works fine for us
but normally when you build your website, you need kind of an idea of where this breaking points could be.
You can of course play around and have a look at your design but you might want to target specific
devices and make sure that you have logical breaking points to ensure that your website looks good on
as many devices as possible and without having to add like 10 media queries right here.
So one idea how to do this is if you go again to mydevice.io for example and go to compare devices,
then you can select smartphones or tablets up here
and with that, you can get a really quick overview of the width and height, important choose the CSS
width and height right here, of the width and height of the most common devices,
for example though we have an iPad right here,
we have a Galaxy tab and then you can see that for example,
768 of width,
that's of course in portrait mode because we would normally build our websites
for the portrait mode, on tablets would be a good approximation or a good starting point for a
breaking point that you could set because then you could make sure that you optimize your mobile design
for if you look at the smartphone
width right
here, we can see that the most modern smartphones have a width of more than 300 pixels.
So basically, if your website looks good for widths between 300 pixels and 768
pixels, you would ensure that you have a nice looking website for most mobile phones and
then you could set your first breaking point at 768 pixels and then maybe make another
breaking point at 1000 pixels for example,
for really big screens then. That's how you could approach that and you could easily set your breaking
points in a logical way.
One additional thing I would like you to keep in mind though is that the way you add your media queries right here
is not the correct one to be honest.
It's totally fine to add the media queries below the actual rule you have for the corresponding selectors
but in the end and we will also do this in this course, once we finish our media queries, you would simply
take them and paste them right here at the bottom of your code, like that
because with that, other developers can easily find all your media queries and change them if necessary
and this helps us to keep our code more structured.
However for the purpose of this module now, we will add the media queries below
their actual rule right here as we did it so far because it makes it easier for us to understand which
elements we are referring to and what properties we want to change. Now with that, we set all the basics
for our media queries, so in the next videos,
we can now continue working on our website because so far, the image looks fine and the slogan I think
is ok but our mobile view for our plans,
I don't think this looks good. So let's see how we can improve this by adding media queries in the next
lecture.